Fix: Changed min node version from 14 to 16.6.0 (#3643)
mozilla/pontoon: CONTRIBUTING.rst

JavaScript setup
================

> For working on the front-end, you need at least Node.js 16.6.0 and npm 7

Reviewer: I'd drop the reference to the version number, otherwise we'll need to play maintenance catch-up every time it changes:

```suggestion
For working on the front-end, you need the latest versions of Node.js and npm
```
